[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/common/process-svg/README.md

# Kogito Process SVG Addon

> This addon adds the capability to enable SVG visualization to process diagrams. Please check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kogito Process SVG Addon adds the capability to enable SVG visualization to process diagrams. See
```

the [official documentation](https://docs.jboss.org/kogito/release/latest/html_single/#con-bpmn-process-svg-addon_kogito-developing-process-services)
to find out more.

## Examples

> Please check the following examples to explore more about this capability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following examples to explore more about this capability:
```
